insignificant to you maybe.	insignificant 20 bucks a week isn't?
sorry, agw has been proven.	agw has not been proven.
yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org
don't cook for him - he's a grown up.	don't worry about him - he's a grown up.
this "plot" smells a rat.	not srs this "plot" smells a rat.
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed" and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam.	the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed, was just too much for me.
do you know who benefits from profits?	do you know who shareholders are?
that's why i can no longer support them.	i can no longer support them.
2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.
i just don't get this.	it just doesn't make sense.
"[o]ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya, his view of the brits, for example, very different than the average american," huckabee told host steve malzberg, the washington post reported.	and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits, for example, very different from the average american.
i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	[quote=trajan;4550118] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,
the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	mushy has to be the odds on favorite.
you left out oil companies, braniac.	opec aren't oil companies, braniac.
eventually we'll all be good with "a full time job with the feds."	i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.
the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbes if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.	if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.
i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus, they're lying.	i know what you're trying to do, but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait.
presi*dent obama would double it.	president obama would continue that trend.
japan surrendered unconditionally.	germany surrendered in april.
what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration, or the president himself, and create an entire show about it?	moving on..."what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration,..."
i'm not talking about this year, maggie.	you're not talking about current events.
well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools.	the reality is it is not anyone's focus to actually improve the schools.
mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary, britain's most senior civil servant, to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government.	"i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government."
- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer date says 7/20.	- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post, as it will make you appear less silly.
read a little deeper in the wikipedia article.	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.	i have called in sick when i wasn't cat...not
only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.
by the way, the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn't off one single plan.	i'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath.
people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place.	no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite
it's because the right, that party of "morals", don't have "low" standards.	quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.
so you agree that if only 10% of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777?	like i said earlier, if only 10% of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777.
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal, unproven benefit, i know the liar is a leftist.	i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world.
you will cease playing american football.	further, you will stop playing baseball.
however, i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
thank you for pointing me foster.	thank you for your concern pelastration.
i agree with there goes trouble.	i am done with this thread.
recession is when a neighbor loses his job.	depression is when you lose yours.
the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.	they are all a bunch of spoiled kids, or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them.
did i say i excused it?	where did i say it did?
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.
did anybody else find this disturbing?	does anyone else find that astonishing?
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????
i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone.	i've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media, not he, was solely to blame.
he now wants to go to court for a contact order.	someone needs to go to jail for that one.
rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	vor: you don't think of them as horrible, fascist brutes?
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.
our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?	what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men?
driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people.
the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima.	the problem is us, through and through.
good luck social security has nothing to do with marriage.	actually social security does have something to do with marriage in the way it (ss) is administered.
it's like being against hammers.	he's not ranting against the troops.
just can't stop feeling this way.	wish i could stop thinking this way.
time to get the government out of the bedroom.	sue them and try to get some money out of them.
it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied.	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.
none of it would exist if it wasn't used to reduce weight on our spacecraft.	one would think they would run with the story, but they haven't.
it is a democracy with regular changes in government many of them due to coup.	i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.
people are just standing in lines waitin' to become teachers.	are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon/teabagger bs?
sorry, you just don't.	sorry for your loss, this could be handy.
that is what we're up against and must compete on a global scale.	this is what we all feared was going on anyway.
i don't think most british people are too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectations of work.	i don't think most brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder.
it's not your fellow citizens' responsibility to do that.	but don't demand your fellow citizens pay for your own mistakes or problems with banks.
the teaser on national public radio mentioning that tomorrow (wed) during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage.	also mentioned that the bush administration is not in favor of raising minimum wage.
you have made a claim, that japan offered to surrender in 1945 numerous times before either bomb was dropped.	the lie that japan was ready to surrender is revisionist history.
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.	like the "housing" bubble at the beginning of the bush administration.
no need to tell them at all.	no one really wants to talk about anythiing else.
just sounds like you're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes.	if we could only learn from our mistakes!
the vast amount was done in person or over the phone although i did put my concerns on paper a few times.	she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email.
you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok...	i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school.
i agree with you, its a ironic story also.	then you birds got nuttin to worry about..
rslw: no, why would i hate them?	why do you hate america so much?
and the county where detroit is located also voted for him?	and what do you know, receipts stayed about the same.
spring 1959 graduates from sterling high school in greenville, south carolina.	april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.
i remember when i left school and went to college, all my friends stayed at school sixth form.	this september i left home, and started at university.
as unions usually do, they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are, over keeping cops on the job, and the lay offs happened.	unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand.
if the government provides health care, whether spelled out in this bill or not, it will ration the care.	and the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens, at least for a while.
when it gets over $5 a gallon, i hafta opt out...	they didn't even have a train station...
feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality.	so feeding these people now so ten times as many suffer in the future is more kind and humane?
and that doesn’t include all the workers who have fled the workforce under obama’s economic oppression.	and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession.
all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance.	if i were you, i'd be embarassed to voice your ignorance in public.
that is not a "substantial drop"!	this is totally unacceptable!
they need to be funded and organised on a state-wide basis, these tiny school districts make no sense.	he's been selected for the 2nd year running to go to a 'workshop' day at the local secondary school which specialises in science.
if "crimes begin and end with the criminal who committed them", then why hold an entire religion accountable for the actions of 19 people.	i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.
so they insisted on free trade with countries like china that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs.	based on the historical record, that recovery was imminent, within a couple of months or so.
oh, i bet he can i truly hope not.	i feel you are a good man, i truly like you.
the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
and they insisted on "right to work" laws that busted up the unions.	i have my own business but work as all but dried up...to
there has never been a monopoly in this country that wasn't government enforced.	the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly.
i don't know if this goes for people generally, but that was how g went.	i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.
its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that was formerly sponsored by the soviets.	their gdp per capita is much lower and the vulnerable are ignored by the government.
a false allegation, allie.	makes me feel all festive.
no way they would allow those industries to be re-regulated.	how do regulatory agencies become "deregulated?"
they were reserved for adults.	they have been brainwashed by fox and/or rush.
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	look at how bad things were in 2008 and they basically voted for another 4 years of bush.
they find very few papers (7 in total) predict global cooling.	what surprises is that even in the 1970s, on the back of 3 decades of cooling, more papers (42 in total) predict global warming due to co2 than cooling.
the only mistake the republicans made was in voting to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repealing obamacare and passing the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget.	(bull shit call number 2. he and the demwhits negotiated a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it had dried, reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his "stimulus ii" wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollars to the deficit now!)
thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population.	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
but foremost he is not a career politician as his profession is actually an academic one, partly in the us where he also studied.	but no, he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to.
i've narrowed it down to god, gays and guns.	i didn't want to read and run hun.
that said, i would caution against the attempted use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the concealed carry laws.	time and again we see that there is one set of laws for the well connected, and a vastly different set for the commoners.
that is exactly what happened: no, it isn't, unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality.	but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality.
firstly, there's no need to panic or rush.	christy is a fat sack of shit.
lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry.	ok that explains one more trillion of bush's addition to the national debt.
i hate bloated spending.	didnt want to read and run..
it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little "bitch".	but morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another.
and what's happening today is because of what happened, uh, "backward".	quit listening to him because he's such a damned negative nancy.
i've said what i've said, and if you have comprehension problems i cannot help you..	i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.
it may be that chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts.	i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance, before i do something silly.
amd loose both of us.	and of course the poppy propaganda.
killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us.	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.
but when they are of a moral or religious nature it's not government's business.	for them, the morality or lack of it was not the question.
you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas?	that's how i would feel supported.
i see, we've change the direction of debate because the other was fruitless?	i never stated that the doctrine of what supremacy was at the root of cause of slavery.
they offered up private solutions, good ones, ones that don't increase taxes on anyone.	neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone.
2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare?	dodge, change the subject, project what they have been instructed to believe etc...
lots of luck, she will get through this phase!	also, assuming the whole thing is a sham..
don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?	she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.
thus the need for health care insurance reform...the	is your health care rationed?
most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.	but as a christian, i believe what god's word tells me.
the rich don't need cobra, they can buy their own individual policy at any price...so	the poor don't need cobra to continue being insured, they never were insured by their employers, they have medicaid.
so if the jury was in fact instructed incorrectly, chances are they will not come to the correct conclusion.	the jury is to be instructed as to the law to be applied to the facts they determine, not the other way around.
yes, there are many variables that affect prices, and trying to explain it through one company is not realistic.	also, there are hints that these concerns are from scientists who only want to fund their own pet projects.
i know they are not saving and i just cant understand!	things are so big and strange.
we should start a sequence of these threads ;-).	we should have monuments for him.
best wishes, yes he had an affair.	reality is, i was there before and returned again.
skip, that's also very true.	here's a list of articles for you to peruse.
in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically links them to iran.	in addition to these three, roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the united states courts of appeals, and 53 judges to the united states district courts.
the nature was so amazing...	ah, so many amazing memories...
the word threat or threaten was never once spoken by obama.	they found the bomb before they found the woman.
suicide rates are sky high indicting desperation and sadness.	i can hear the desperation in your words.